hello to everyone who loves dolls not for
skyscrapers and I want to introduce you to my
new girlfriend
this is a good one of the popular all over the world
collections
along with the zombies she has three more
beautiful zombie girlfriends but today i
I will play with Anna and you have
his secret to us is hidden under the usual
girl and at night it becomes a zombie with a bright
make up
but don't be afraid ari talk bite fright
but sometimes it can stand up for itself now
on it is a full-time image but you can easily
turn into a zombie
see how simple it is once and twice
that because of your hair and you can go on
zombie party
the box still has a blue wig and a hairbrush like 2
let's play in the soot hi anna
collect all this with girlfriends
walk by example to give your wig to
you were shining tonight
record for
that's great once again knew how to wig now
now we can comb you and you can
go for a walk sharp soft arms and legs
and inside castes for my dad
wire frame I know that you can
kick in different directions and nothing
Petya will happen cool hair
do you like these combing that i
well it turns out thanks you are so
polite
Well , now you can go for a walk
that you are tired and do not want to walk
those tomorrow on foot okay stay home
Well, turn into a girl so that tomorrow
don't do it all
you two ready and sweet girl again
fell super not really like
not yet two different images and two relatives
character recommend to everyone bye